[App Config] Throttling retry policy update - no retrying forever (#16376)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/appconfiguration/app-configuration/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.2.1 (Unreleased)

### Fixed

> - Throttling may have resulted in retrying the request indefinitely if the service responded with `retry-after-ms` header in the error always. The behaviour has been changed to retry to a maximum of 3 times by default from [#16376](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/16376).

Author: ```suggestion
- Throttling may have resulted in retrying the request indefinitely if the service responded with `retry-after-ms` header in the error for each new request. The behaviour has been changed to retry for a maximum of 3 times by default from [#16376](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/16376).
```

### Bugs Fixed

> - Throttling may have resulted in retrying the request indefinitely if the service responded with `retry-after-ms` header in the error for each new request. The behaviour has been changed to retry for a maximum of 3 times by default from [#16376](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/16376).

Author: ```suggestion
- Throttling may have resulted in retrying the request indefinitely if the service responded with `retry-after-ms` header in the error for each retried request. The behaviour has been changed to retry for a maximum of 3 times by default from [#16376](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/16376).
```
